---
layout: page
title: Shocked
date: 2019-12-29 03:16:53.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/shocked/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat had turned her head in the direction of her friend’s husky voice. Koona’s now striking soft alpha face was very close. Dark eyes, wide, with what seemed like perpetual and indelible makeup that was just their natural beauty. They searched Cat's own coffee brown before they traveled down to her lips. Koona was leaning over and it was only inches that now separated them.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Busted.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Koona’s proximity disturbed and invigorated something deeply intimate in Cat. It was the last thing expected and she had no idea what to do. What with always being close, hugging and embrace between them had always felt so normal. But this, even though they were not touching…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The tone had changed.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

No words were spoken but there was no escaping what clearly was now, just like the object they had watched way out in the ocean become apparent as a ship… and then a cruise ship… then the Princess line.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

That real.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Koona felt both excitement and fear inside. Not only Cat was her best friend, but she did not understand completely what was going on with her. Why she was losing control. And why now? She’d held these feelings close over the years. But they were now breaking her apart.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Maybe its just age. Time passing… makes you crazy…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat held Koona’s gaze, unable to relinquish it nor process what was going on either. She swallowed. Her jaw relaxed and lips parted slightly, unconsciously.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Something in deep in her abdomen felt an incredible excitement too, desire yet enveloped in fear, nondescript but it felt very personal and vulnerable.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Dangerous.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In the given moment it was an unclear and confusing feeling.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But not foreign.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_So from where? &nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Without warning she felt her feet brace against the pool wall, as if not her own, with them and a feeling of giddiness, her hands pushed off like a rocket and buried herself in the water. As deep as she could. Holding her breath as long as she could. No thoughts, just the impulse action of activity, of doing something, anything to maintain her world intact.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](http://ffs.alexikaruna.com/kaa-kaa/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

