---
layout: page
title: Koona
date: 2019-12-25 22:54:27.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta:
  _edit_last: '1'
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/koona/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph {"dropCap":true} -->

Soothed by the sound of the nearby waterfall the two young women sat next to each other, dangling their legs, feet playing in the warm water of the amorphously shaped pool of dark blue. Among the aroma of sea and suntan lotion, the beach-side sunset faced them, lulling and soothing both even beyond what the expert Thai massages had already achieved.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Long hair and slender silhouettes. Thai-slender actually, a level of petiteness, delicateness beyond, yet beautifully healthy. One woman with a round pretty typically feminine face, the other with a more forward face, eyes that rest in slightly furrowed ovals giving her an aura of being serious and quiet, even angry. Always the relative introvert or the two, everyone always said how striking she was but she had yet to believe it.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

They were the only ones remaining, as it was midweek in off season. As well, the last of the hovering men they were habitually used to - according to Koona, really after Cat - had been waved off, as always, without second thought. &nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat toyed with the water surface with her toes. She had never really considered it, but it had always been this way with Koona and it felt strangely right. Forever friends and just here, alone together. They had always waved off the guys when they were hanging out. To the very last one, even the cutest and best looking. It was like an unspoken agreement, a loyalty.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_That’s all._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat smiled and stared off into the approaching sunset, darkening blue skies punctuated and shrouded by clouds of every color from the light puffy to angry looking shades of dark gray. All framed by the surrounding trees and freshly lighted evening torches, the light warm wind soothing primally, deep inside.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“This is so amazing!” She could not control the feeling of beauty and awe not to mention the warmth and company of belonging with a lifelong friend, at the end of a few days of just hanging out, beauty treatments, massages and Netflix.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She caught Koona’s subtle nod in agreement, the other woman still staring off dreamily into the distance. Always on the same page with one another, without words.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She and Koona, were two of a kind in childhood in Chiang Mai but separated in early adolescence when she was sent to Japan for school. But they had both found their way to the same university in Bangkok which renewed their inseparability without missing a beat. Aside from another fateful trip back to Japan for herself for a year, they had both ended up living and working in Bangkok, like so many young up-and-coming Thai’s did.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat smiled to herself. To her, her friend had not changed a bit, but in the outside world Koona had become one of the top finance execs in the country. It was weird how this was. Working at one multinational then another, as well as with a seemingly constant flow of interested farang - foreigner - suitors. Good ones. Cat had always assumed the eventual outcome - Koona ending up in a foreign country, for work, love or both.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And of course herself with her own passion, her beauty clinics. But they still arranged at least every couple weeks to get together. At the mall or simply take a walk in the park. Celebrating the plentiful Thai holidays together when they were not returning to home up north, often also together. Always close and open with each other about everything, boys, then men, suitors, drama and whatever else was going on.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Each reached thirty years old this year. The birthday’s came and went without any apparent change in themselves or lives.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_It’d be nice if this never changed._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was a thought she had never had before.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Maybe that’s what’s different after you hit thirty?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She nodded unconsciously and smiled ironically.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I wonder if we’ll loose this when one of us gets married._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“What are you thinking about?”&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Koona’s husky voice modulated close to her ear, pulling Cat off-guard out of her world-off thoughts.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She turned her head to Koona with a broad smile as her world, one that was so orderly and bright teetered, like a glass ball balanced at the edge of a precipice.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/the-price-tag/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

