---
layout: page
title: The FACE
date: 2020-08-05 01:24:48.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/the-face/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_You will not be punished for your hate.&nbsp;_  
_You will be punished by your hate.&nbsp;_  
_— Buddha_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Sure enough. Sweating lightly in the mid-afternoon sun, following K’s instructions from the ‘girl who knows a guy’ to to the T.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The market was one of those so often found in Thailand. Basically open air on all sides, supported by wooden pillars, a sloped ceiling, the roof made of corrugated steel. The kind of place, as Mali had discovered long ago, you could buy just about anything fresh - fish, vegetables, meat, along with assortments of condiments, oils and everything you could imagine. Each stall was run by a different person or people - what often looked like families - and had a different kind of food or products. The best part is that you could walk out of one of these places with food to feed yourself for a week for maybe 300, certainly less than 500 baht, $10 to $15 US dollars.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Pulling up to the moped parking, a few unusually poor looking monks in golden robes were hanging around. Which seemed strange to Mali, not used to seeing monks just milling around in front of a market. $he felt self-conscious and it seemed two of them facing $er were looking at $er. They had a rough energy, almost more like gang members than monks.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Almost… certainly dangerous._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali ignored them tending to situating the moped and getting the thing turned off but $he could not ignore the third monk whose back was toward $er initially as he turned around.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The mans' face was like… nothing $he’d ever seen. How to describe? Like a heavy truck had run over it, wiped and skewed bones from right to left leaving black tire marks, with the head of course still existing in the three dimensional world. It was impossible now for $er to turn back, $he’d found ‘The Face’, without even trying.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In any case Mali was not a real people approacher, and much less in recent years. And how $he felt at the moment was pushing the boundaries even more as these monks were ominous and $he’d already not liked they way they were looking at $er. This was something $he had never seen as monks tended to mind themselves, walk quietly, poised and in their own world.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Sawadee ka?” Mali approached the group. $he could simply not fail at this oh so strange mission. For K if not $erself.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The men smirked. That was the thing.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Even monks laugh at me._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Fuck this._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The anger inside was already leading the impulse to turn around and get the fuck away, yet 1Face’s eyes caught $er’s and he nodded. As if knowing everything.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali took a deep breath and started,&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

"Chan puan poot ma tini poot gup khun..." Mali didn't know their name or how to address them.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Ma,” he gestured, breaking from the group, “… come.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

At this point, regardless of the edge $he felt, things were just almost moving at a far too fast in surreality to ignore, like in a dream that will take it’s course, like it or not.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The Face led Mali through the busy market as if he owned it. The middle of the market had what seemed like a wall, maybe a divider between the sides of it, but as they got closer, $he realized it was like an inner room in the middle. As they entered, the inside was sparse, in fact it was just a blanket on the floor, a couple of meditation cushions for sitting and a wooden table at the side with some candles and some other what looked like Buddhist items. The light was dim and the walls had a deep red tone.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

He gestured for Mali to sit.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And then he started. Again, as if he knew everything.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_This is beyond ‘what the fuck’ status._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Girl or boy - you?”, asked Face, each word like a punch.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Well, I am not sure anymore. I like being more…”, Mali had not completed.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Girl or boy. No other word. Cochai krup? Understand? Little English - me,” he smiled in the sincere way only a monk can, disarming Mali.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Dont know”, Mali slipped in to $er ‘speaking to foreigner’ mode which $he found cute but probably in the end did damage to those who were struggling to speak English correctly.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“You happy - yes no?”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Well I guess…”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“No! No other word. Happy, you - yes no?”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“No then.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Krai... yhy?”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Hard to be myself. Feel anxious, afraid. People laugh and say things. I want be pretty, but hate looking like man. My face.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Then Mali’s heart broke as $he looked at Face. All of the sudden perspective ran over $er that felt like the truck that seemed to have run over The Face’s face.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_How in the fuck can I even be concerned with my stupid problems. This man…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Answer not feel sorry me.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“You go home. Forget. No fix problem.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

He paused as if to make sure Mali got this, and then continued,

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“You love your face — you see mine beautiful too,” he paused.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“I reflection.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Answer is - you think all hate you. Wrong.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Truth is - you hate you.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“You see beauty, aliveness… mystery — in fish! Not you!!!”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_How the hell did he know…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This was all hitting Mali pretty hard but Face was not done.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Eyes. Not woman eyes. Not soft.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Go home. Go out. Every time worry. Every time think people laugh. Ridicule. Remember. They not hate you. You hate you. You create horrible hatred in world. Only real hatred is…” he grasped the air but was out of words in English.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Lying - no more! Have to hate, hate right one.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“You holding hell in hands, not let go and blame everyone around you.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Go home.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Maybe find way.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Maybe eyes more soft.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Go home.”, he shooed Mali with his hand as he got up and opened the door.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The meeting was clearly over.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

As they met eyes as Mali came to exit, $he could see beyond the doubt the light and fire in the monks eyes. Something $he’d completely missed because of his face. As much as his words, this moment indelibly seared a mark in $er heart.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/the-way-back-to-love/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

