---
layout: page
title: Surprise
date: 2020-05-06 00:45:57.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/surprise/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_The absence of expectations results in the reduction of disappointments._   
— Buddhist saying

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat’s jaw dropped slightly but perceptibly as Mali entered the clinic unannounced. A moment of of vulnerability ensued before she could marshal her poise again. Mali looked different, a bit ragged. Tired, eyes a bit puffy. But as the unexpected feelings floating through her, such perceptions were more in the background.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali asked, not saying much, for a different treatment. Not the laser to remove facial hair like usual. Which now was not lost on Cat in combination with Mali’s stubbled appearance.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_What was up?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

To Mali this was not the Cat handing $er grapes in the gazebo. Professional Cat. Polite as ever but almost cool.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

All was the same over the span of the appointment, the courtesy, the tea, just like the first time there before they had gotten to know each other.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

HE went in for HIS treatment and then came out.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Projecting HIMSELF into the painful male role.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_If HE wanted THIS, it was up to HIM_.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

HE hadn't called Cat. HE hadn't done HIS part. Regardless that Cat had not called, Skyped or anything in the interim was beside the point: It was up to HIM to have reached out. It felt as bad as ever, but anyhow, there was no time to delve in. So it was clear. THIS was the fucking game. The one HE tried to play. The one $HE despised.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Post treatment, Mali sat on the waiting room couch quiet, nursing the second offered cup of green tea.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“So am I taking you to dinner?”, Cat questioned, on a limb, she knew, but to keep face, a little more harshly than Mali had ever heard come from her lips.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Still Mali smiled inside. She cared. Still didn’t know why but she did.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“I’d love to go to dinner, but you don’t have to take me! I don’t have to take you either, we can just go and have fun, agreed?”&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat felt embarrassed.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This was one of the more self-empowering things ever to escape Mali’s lips in HIS dating life. Cat rarely lost her composure, this really was an unintended reaction from the incessant probing and teasing of Kwan as of late.&nbsp;Not to mention her own apparent paralysis in the situation.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“I agree. I have to be here until 5:30, can we go after that?” Cat said with a calm but a smile hinting at apology and amused embarrassment.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Sure, I have a little shopping to do - across the street. I’ll come back then.”&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Not wanting to prolong the stay there should anything make Cat need to change her mind, HE left his tea and exited.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat’s demeanor meant something - feelings, that was obvious. Which was so much more than the outcome HE'd prepared for, indifference. So it was confirmed mutual. Tonight was going to be an interesting one, that HE felt deep inside though not having idea what direction.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

So regardless of the fact that neither had communicated to the other in now over three weeks, since that amazing day in Chiang Mai, whatever had been so easy and strong between them - was still there. That was a relief. The last two days since deciding to come to Bangkok and come by to see Cat had been torture to not reach out to her.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali felt finally good again in $er heart. $he smiled and took a breath as $he went on $er way.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Oh, in HIS heart I meant to say.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/suan-benjasiri/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

