---
layout: page
title: '"Home"'
date: 2020-01-12 01:21:26.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/home/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Suddenly I see what I want to be. Suddenly I see, why the hell it means so much to me._ — KT Turnstall

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Propelled by the still running energy of frustration and anger and the fucked-up situation, Mali had entered $er hotel room, packed quickly and made $er way to the airport on the MRT, having briefly logged in online and booked a seat on the last flight home. It was one of those nights $he knew that $he didn’t care if $he slept. Because honestly, $he still didn’t care if $he died either.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The walk had helped but…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’m still me.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he now sat in an alone corner at the relatively uncrowded gate awaiting the plane. A tear fell as $he felt $er breath and the life in $er.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’m still here._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Fuck me._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Why did I do this again? Get involved with someone?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he shook $er head and chastised $erself lightly for even going this far with anyone, when $he was not even okay with $erself.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Unresolvable. And it’s about me.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_My own internal fuck-up. I can’t blame Cat._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’m sorry world and universe.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’m just really angry._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Through $er life $he’d always relied on external circumstances, like this with Cat to help $er make up $er mind what was right, who $he was. But Cat was like water to either polarity and everything in-between. Different than the resulting train wrecks of $er last two relationships which embarked with $er willing and ably defined as a ‘male’, onward to their inevitable destructions. $he could never sustain it.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Maybe that’s why I tried here. I thought it could be different._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Now I know.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Life is calling my hand._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:separator -->

* * *
<!-- /wp:separator -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The rural tranquility hit Mali as $he exited the cab just after 3am and made $er way across the gravel parking lot to the security door of $er building. $he could feel a light breeze. The familiar chorus of cicadas soothed as $he made it up the stairs and down the open-aired hall to $er end unit apartment.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Opening the door, $he gently raised the dimmered lights just to the point of being able to see and not much more. The subdued light was comforting and relaxing. Even cozy.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Home._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Liberating $erself from $er clothes, $er arms brushed lightly over developing breasts and $he noticed a soreness in them for the first time.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Feels nice._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Looking in the mirror, by habit or compulsion, $er heart sank as usual.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Fuck if I’m going to be a man with breasts._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I still have to live with myself, so I might as well keep fighting.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It felt like everyone $he knew would say that the stuckness and straight-jacket $he was in was $er own doing. By going against…&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Accepting what I am without changing anything._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

‘Being a man’…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But does accepting what I ‘am’ come along with the feminine clothes and looking like a gay man? Or meaning I have to look around and dress… and act like men do?

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Is the highest there is for me to non-conform?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Because in reality this is how others seemed - even Cat - to see $er. But inside $he was no activist or even trying to make a statement despite what people read into $er person or intentions.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I just am what I am.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And this ‘what I am’ year by year was showing colors that conflicted ever so greatly with the exterior and how $he was perceived.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Up to this point most of this had been like play. The clothes, makeup, even the hair transplant which broke open the door of hope that before had been pretty much plastered shut. All these things didn’t mean what _this_ did.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_All of this._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he looked around, at the long counter, $er makeup, hair products. The clothes $he wore. Then down at $er far too thin body.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_What is this?_&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was one thing to have moments of doubt while all alone in the world, but having just faced Cat, someone who possibly might have been… could have been… much more, _the one_ for $er.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’m just flushing this… this life… this amazing precious gift… down the toilet…&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Destroying a man._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Going to hell. &nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he knew $he was pushing the red line with $er body. The strange thing being that there was no turn-around moment like in the past where there was enough desire and a moment of full belief to put an end to the insanity and return to male mode. Or accepting $he was fem or a woman but allowing a more full and male developed body to be, which $he could never get $er head around regardless of all the fifty-minute hours $he had done over the years.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

A magazine was laying on the desk turned to an image of a slender model with a sports bra and perfectly toned belly. Along with a beautiful face.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She was hot and a turn on.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I want her.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I want to be her.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali felt like crying as both felt equally far from possibility.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Images like that had always tugged at $er in the two directions. Only lately was the duality becoming clear. Since a child it had been a single unified feeling: Complete bonding. As a child gender distinctions, ridicule and hiding didn’t exist. But life and experiences like tonight had functioned over time to beat the simplicity of ‘of course I can also wear my girlfriends clothes’ out of her.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he stared at the beautiful woman.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_That’s my body.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I already am.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Breasts aside but who cares about breasts._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali was a face and ass girl, in $erself and the other. Slight breasts were more attractive than any other alternative.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

I have the body. _But not the face, not by a long shot.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It had been a long roller coaster over the months visiting surgeons here in Thailand and getting their opinions on $er face. Never finding the one that felt right.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_It’s all vanity.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_How will I feel at the end of my life?&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Will I care?&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Will the cost of this make me cry while I’m dying?&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And too, with all the surgeons opinions, it would be still be a great compromise - still a masculine-ish face at best for $er. $he was told $he was too thin. Did not have enough fat for feminine cheeks. ‘Very difficult’. Even with significant procedures. No one seemed confident.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

What was the point of spending so much money and all that risk for such a result with a doctor that isn’t even sure?&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali looked around $er apartment.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I know this is home.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’ve felt safe and homey here before.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But it didn’t feel like it right now.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Everywhere $he looked there was something that reminded $er of $er inner conflict and indecision. Or decision to stay in the middle which was not any better than indecision.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Especially those._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$er eyes had caught the ‘over the counter’ Estrofem and Aldactone tablets $he was taking which were in many ways the tipping point. Estrogen and an anti-androgen.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:separator -->

* * *
<!-- /wp:separator -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Feeling listless, $he flipped on $er Mac to check email… just because. Even, although $he wouldn’t admit it to $erself, $he had a glimmer of hope that Cat might have written… that maybe… she had… rethought things. A persistent pull $he knew even now would just take time to wane.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But instead a subject caught $er eyes:

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Virtual FFS photo results_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It had been a few weeks since the order and despite the fact that the desire to see the result was floating around $er consciousness, $he had assumed it would have been a few more weeks to get the response and was not expecting it.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Funny timing._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was from the woman in the UK who had a business of taking actual photos of a persons face, front, side and other angles, and simulating what different combinations of surgical procedures could achieve in terms of feminization. Mali had had pictures taken and sent in with the $200 cost out of despair with all these surgeons.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

All these Thai surgeons who only wanted to know ‘what do you want’ and seemed to see $er face as parts, not as a whole. So far there was no true artist here. No confident man or woman who ‘got’ $er and would say… _this is what I recommend…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The image attachments were there on the email and soon they were open.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali stared at the pictures, toggling between before and after, different angles and different levels of surgical intervention. With the expected cost being in the $10-30k range based on surgeons in Spain and Argentina among others, they did not seem to be earth-shattering. But they were way more feminine looking than $he had imagined could be done for $er.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_But for the cost and the risk, is the result worth it?&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

After a quarter of an hour or so, noticing $er head nodding off, $he put things aside to get ready for bed. It had been the longest day $he could remember, in time and emotion.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

As $he was coming to bed her eyes paused again on the open magazine. Something clicked. $he grabbed it and looked close. One of the Virtual FFS pictures came to $er. _That_ look - smile and the eyes in the model.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I look like that in that picture._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he quickly sat down again and brought the Mac back to life and pulled up the Photoshopped picture of $erself with the full shebang, including a lip lift.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_It is.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I am._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

With that a hope dawned on Mali. Maybe called obsessive, as it attached to the past. Cleaving to the despair, the aloneness, the ridicule. The lost hope. A possibility that $he had never fully embraced before. Ever since standing there in $er mothers form fitting black dress, alone in the bathroom mirror of $er childhood home… $er face forever the dealbreaker to any further contemplation.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I might… can be…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And another that $he’d still barely ever let $erself have…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Be attractive to another woman…&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_As a woman._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Photoshop was one thing. Reality another. There was still the question of surgeons, costs and risk.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_And what this could all mean._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Have I stayed in the middle and not move to the female side because I’m not?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Or because I think I can’t?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Or because I’m afraid?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

These were new questions that were never possible because _this_ never felt possible before.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Because I can’t handle it being any worse than it already is.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Because I won’t be a man with breasts._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Regardless of the questions, once $he saw it, the connection could never be erased.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Angel or demon._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/re-koona/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

