---
layout: page
title: Away
date: 2020-03-26 02:04:10.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/away/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The strong current of A/C felt welcome against Mali’s face as $he settled in the cab and peered out taking in the morning Bangkok street. Although the night had ended up being a late one, $he wasn’t tired at all, nourished it seemed by the essence of Cat. Sleeping in an unusual luxuriousness in the luminance and luster, the hovering of Cat’s presence and touch, actually feeling _like_ Cat.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

To be with and to be. It was $er puzzle from ever back in time. Not just imitating mannerisms of women $he’d crush on, but viscerally feeling as it was to be _her._ Without consciously trying or thinking about it.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This did not happen with men. It’s seemingly impossible to know exactly how someone else really feels being in their own distinct body, but Mali knew somehow that $he did know. &nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The final packing had been a breeze, less than an hour, again with Cat’s lingering essence and smile all the way along. Cat winked to $er as Mali closed the door to $er Bangkok apartment for the last time.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The cab turned onto Tanon Latprao, the big busy street feeding the soi’s - alleyways - of $er neighborhood. Soon to be old neighborhood. They passed the always boisterous signs in the Thai script, some of which were transliterated to western letters.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This was Cat’s world. The stores, the sidewalk food stands with their tables, fruit vendors, the air and essence of Bangkok, of Thailand. It felt like Cat owned it all, $he was simply an invited or permitted guest. This city, without Cat had no light or meaning. Before, in making the decision, it was easy to leave. Now, not so much.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Because Cat _was_ Bangkok.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat was Thailand in fact.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he felt Cat, wanted her, _this,_ this life.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It would be enough, more than enough. Full.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

If only not for…&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Me._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But today Mali was nothing but a longing observer of Cat’s magnificence and ownership of herself and her world. $he was leaving Bangkok. Doubly not $er city anymore, owned completely by Cat. Longing to see her again already, yet feeling a grinding tension between the polarities of friendship that seemed more likely from Cat’s perspective and the ache for so much much more from $er own.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But too with $er identity in play and still unresolved as ever… and so many questions…&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Would $he just be a man if it meant $he could have Cat?&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Like yesterday?&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_But I was not a man with Cat yesterday. I was myself._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Hmmmm…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It had been several years since $he had liked anyone enough to ask this question in anything but hypothetical reality. The last time $he tried it in reality with a woman, it had been a train wreck.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And so much time and life had passed since then. And so much more femininity had overcome $er.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/chiang-rai/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

