---
layout: page
title: Skype
date: 2020-04-10 01:33:37.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/skype/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali had Facebook open. Cat had just posted a picture of a chocolate cake she was about to eat. $he had already Liked it some minutes before. And had typed a Comment ‘Where IS that? It looks sooooo good!’ $he knew better but pressed enter by some force in $er $he had no control over. Regardless of $er inner conflicts this action was _not_ not going to happen.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It had been a few days now in Chiang Rai and $he had not heard from Cat. $he was testing the waters. Apparently cold. Cat did not respond in several minutes but showed green on chat as online. Mali got up and started $er pre-bedtime routine which would include a shower, the whole thing which would normally take thirty minutes and forty-five on hair washing day like today.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In the meanwhile Mali began the so familiar process of facing disappointment that itself was a routine: Feel the despair, create an alternative future without the thing or person. Go on living.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The problem was that over so much time $he’d not developed the strategies to handle if $he actually got what $he wanted. Which was counterintuitively frightening.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In some moments $he heard from the bathroom the Facebook ping and simultaneously felt that also familiar feeling hope mixed with anxiety, ripping off the recently placed band-aid against being disappointed. Shutting off the faucet $he had just opened, $he made $er way out, to the low table on which $er Macbook Air sat. A chat message from Cat.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Cat:** _I’m home now. How are you? How’s Chiang Rai?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali felt in $erself the impulse to think through what $he was going to say - given all the inner conflicts $he had been facing and the fact that regardless of them, there was part of her $he had no control over that no matter what wanted to get closer to Cat. But then, for some reason, $he let it go and just wrote what came to mind…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Mali:** _Hey! It’s good. Quiet. Like a writers retreat… I may actually get some things done here :)_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Cat:** _That’s good but Bangkok misses you!_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Really? How is that, Cat?&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Mali:** _Really?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Cat:** _Of course. Well, I miss you.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Fuck._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Mali:** _I miss you too. It was so fun hanging out with you and having dinner. I’m kind of sad here, alone._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Cat:** _Well you know there are ways to stay in touch! Do you have Skype?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

**Mali:** _Yeah, we should do that…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

On Cat's request $he typed in and sent $er Skype id.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali hurried to open Skype, not sure if this is where the evening was going but to be ready if it did, temporarily putting off $er shower plans.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And then there was Cat calling $er via video.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Prepared for this? Not one bit.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_But here we go.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:separator -->

* * *
<!-- /wp:separator -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali answered.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Hi!” Cat sat smiling into the camera comfortable, knees up and in a night shirt. Mali immediately felt at ease.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Hey you,” Mali smiled back, “Fancy meeting you here!”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“I know it’s really strange running into you,” Cat played along.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“It’s good to see you.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Same here. It’s funny, my ex-boyfriend’s already jealous of you,” Cat smirked.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Really?”&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Wow, that meant something. Cat was talking about me??!_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

As if reading Mali’s thoughts, “I told him I had a new friend. I said katoey friend - I hope you don’t mind? I didn’t know what to call you and it just felt easier.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“It’s an honor to be called katoey in Thailand and by you,” Mali smiled, “That’s what I love here, its like being katoey isn't an anomaly like it feels in the US.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“So how’s it going? Is Chaing Rai treating you well?”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“As well can be expected. It’s smaller and more people seem to stare and laugh at me more,” $he immediately thought of the creepy-guy open restaurant $he had to pass every time on the way to the park.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“That worried me too. But don’t worry about it, you know, Thai people are just pretty light with things, try not and take it personally. All katoey here have their days, unfortunately.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Really, you have katoey friends?”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Actually my sister is katoey.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Seriously?”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Yeah,” Cat smiled shaking her head.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_If you only knew._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And so now doubly intrigued by Cat, Mali felt so at home in conversation with this woman. And apparently Cat did too.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

So began a few weeks of impromptu connections together every few days on Skype. It was that shot in the arm Mali needed after so much isolation and also in this remote place. It all felt so easy and was just a continuation of that first night. They talked about everything friends would, up to the point of family and Cat’s first hand experience with a transgender sibling. But not more than that. Which actually felt alright with Mali, as in the end, it was this connection $he was after. And Cat was available, interested and they both seemed to enjoy each other’s company enough to keep doing it, sometimes a few hours at a time.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And the distance allowed $er to continue sitting on the fence with $er drawn out life-conflict and keep guessing about what might be going on here.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/a-plan/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

