---
layout: page
title: Re-Koona
date: 2020-01-13 01:03:34.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/re-koona/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_First Koona, now Mali.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_It must be me.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Once, sure, a fluke. Twice? I know three times is a pattern.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Oh, may I please be wise and avoid a third!_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat upon awaking sat in a daze on the couch of her 44th floor condo, looking out over Bangkok’s skyline. The condo with the plush mostly white decor, the fruit of her hard work but at this moment such achievement was lost on her in terms of meaning anything. After the tears, Mali’s definitive exit, then more tears, she needed to say something. To someone. To talk this out. She needed a friend. A deep friend. A friend she didn’t have.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Anymore._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In a city full of millions, busy sidewalks, subways and life, coupled with communication with her family, work, taking care of the business and clients, it seemed she could go for long periods without something deeper.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Aside from Koona, she loved her group of friends but they all fit more in the catty-ultra fem set and all very Thai. No one she could have an out of the box conversation with.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Certainly not this kind of one._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In fact it had been a year now since Koona disappeared on their vacation. And aside from the fact that she had a couple thousand Fecebook friends, the only one she felt possibly that close to was Koona. Only Koona.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Not one to sustain known lies to herself for long, it was now clear what she must do.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She had no idea how this was going to go but had to try. Like life itself was calling her bluff at the end of a year of less than conscious avoidance. She hadn’t intended to disappear and not try to reconnect with Koona. Just something in her…&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Did nothing._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Paralyzed.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_But how can I call her now? And even if she doesn’t hate me, am I ready to tell her everything?&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Will Koona understand?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

After what seemed like hours, in a dazed stupor she began moving toward the inevitable action she must take. She fumbled for her unusually neglected iPhone, found Koona’s contact and, with a deep breath and holding it in, pressed the green button. It rang a few times.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Sawadee ka?” intoned the sultry-breathy voice at the other end of the line.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat felt weak in her stomach. “Koona ka? Is that you?” as tears migrated to her eyes.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Ka.”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Hiiiiiiy,” she let out softly, melodically as if encoding everything of the past year and what was now going on, in that one syllable. There was a silence on the other end that seemed to go on forever.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Cat ka?” the voice sounded hopeful yet wounded.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

“Koona ka, can I see you na ka? Karuna ka? I need to see you… please?!”

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/the-night-market/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

