---
layout: page
title: Kali
date: 2020-02-18 03:11:34.000000000 -03:00
type: page
parent_id: '0'
published: true
password: ''
status: publish
categories: []
tags: []
meta: {}
author:
  login: akaruna
  email: alexi@alexikaruna.com
  display_name: akaruna
  first_name: ''
  last_name: ''
permalink: "/kali/"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Dawn had broken and the early morning sunlight streamed gently in. Mali woke upon the round bed in the round building. Wrapped in a light white comforter, head on the plush pillow, legs wrapped around a body-length one, comfort $he was not used to. The air-conditioning was on and the cool un-humid air created a coziness of not wanting to leave bed, a feeling $he was unaccustomed to in Thailand. It was a sweet surrender $he had not felt in some time.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But then $he remembered who $he was.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And where $he really was.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And why.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

There were bruises left on $er psyche from last night.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

As $he turned over, $he felt the hangover of the catharsis.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Good fucking start.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Ahead laid four days of what seemed like would be virtually complete solitude to some sort of hopeful resolution…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Something._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Because this can’t keep on._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It seems so often in the first moments out of bed $he would get the actual 'vibe' of the day. Today $he stumbled and almost fell, having gotten strangely twisted in the blanket, hence frustration was the tone. Then anger at the fucking blanket holding $er to this clumsy fate. The same anger and frustration which throughout life had so often threatened to overwhelm $er slight figure and underdeveloped musculature.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he paused in the bathroom after brushing $er teeth.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

More of the ‘decisions’ that $he’d made in the twilight yesterday came back.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Should I moisturize my face if I’m being a guy now?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Unsure, $he just splashed water carelessly on $er face and then made back to the big room.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he had packed clothes only for two days, and for Bangkok - for subways and air-conditioned malls. $he’d either had to buy some clothes or improvise.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he eyed $er jeans, not the favorite pair but they fit nicely enough.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Sacrifice?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was either do this or go buy clothes somewhere. The trip to the resort for all $he was aware placed $er in the boonies. And the last thing $he wanted to do was go anywhere. Hard enough trying to be fem. Now…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I can’t go anywhere.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Nothing is solid in me.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’ll get eaten alive._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Inevitably someone would stare, perhaps worse because of not wearing female clothes or makeup, but having the slight figure $he did, slender face, and what over time so many people called ‘feminine energy’.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_And witness my fucking transition from katoey to gay in public before my own eyes.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I think I’ll pass._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was different flipping back to guy mode. It had been over a year since $er last attempt. Instead of a flow and moving toward things like smoothness and certain clothes and way of being, ‘guy mode’ was more of a rule-based mostly restrictive journey as if $he was in the military or something. The only freedom is eating as much and whatever $he wanted, as long as it didn't make $er sick, which eating more often did.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In guy mode when they laughed or said something, it was worse. Because at least if you are clear who you are inside, it’s an insult but in the name of identity. When you’re not even being what you are to your best, all you are is a shell, a feather in the wind, you’re buffeted randomly by the negative you come in contact with.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_And being a guy you can’t take that kind of shit from people. &nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Of course Mali was forgetting the possible good that could come from being out and about. We all want pleasure but it seems that we’ll do more to avoid pain. And $he was far into triage mode.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Even to be a ‘he’ today. It was not convincing - to $er and probably anyone else in turn.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

So walking over to the kitchenette, ‘he’ found a knife.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Maybe I don’t have to do all this fem shit anymore anyway.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he was angry at everything and it showed.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The problem was, on the path toward femininity, whenever something new and more feminine became habit you reached a new level. A new normal. In moments of trying to return to manhood, $he’d forget the stepping path of ‘new normals’ that had gotten $er to the current. So given the heights $he was at, $he’d forgotten about the terrain $he’d already climbed. And how far the fall would be.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But that was beside the point right now.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he stood with the jeans.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he had the impulse inside to cut the legs high.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Sexy.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Because… they’d feel good.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Jesus Mali.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Gay gay gay._ &nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

In that moment Mali self-acknowledged the man thing was off to a bad start._&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The warring factions compromised, cutting midway, mid-thigh.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

They still fit $er ass nicely.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Uh… I’m not supposed to care about that.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he figured $he’d look like a European male.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Which would be called gay in the USA.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he walked to the bathroom to take a gander. With $er slender build and non-existent but tight ass, the outcome was just as queer as if $he’d cut them to the bikini line. The body reflected in the mirror was still of a runway model, not anything like male from the neck down.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Okay, maybe not the chest. Everything but the chest. But I don’t give a fuck about having breasts…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Mali stop!_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Seeing $er feminine-like body in the mirror a rush of warmth and hardness came between $er legs. It had always been like that…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Longing to be with and to be…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Being and being attracted by the same…_&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Being one with myself_ and how I feel...

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Even from childhood, $he’d found $erself turned on often with sight of $er own body. As it was… on what $he focused and fixated, analogous to the bodies of the beautiful girls and women $he found so breathtaking. It was so fantastic $he even looked and felt like them, felt them, connected, related to them.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And since $he was in male mode $he indulged a quick and completely draining release.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:separator -->

* * *
<!-- /wp:separator -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Post climax $he stood with $er hand on the bathroom counter. The tiny dribble of cum was barely anything to clean up.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Just eight more fucking samples now you goddam creepy clinic!_&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

She smiled half-heartedly.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I hate how I look as a smiling man.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It felt bad. $er male orgasm. Depleted. Sad. Unhappy. Alone. The same feeling as $he’s ever known as a man. Unless the orgasm came from the feminine part in $er. But this was not that. All $he knew of male was 30 seconds of excitement and then misery.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he sighed and knew - the years, how $he thought and how $he lived, by now, queerness - at best queerness - was inescapable. It would take probably a couple years to cover over this again, back to a ‘male’. And that path was full of conflicts and land mines if possible at all given $er - if $he’d admit it - almost anorexic-like tendency to not show anything that looks like a male belly.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was instructive but the irony didn’t occur to $er that in hours, a day, certainly less than a week, $he had in fact gone on several occasions from being the most masculine $he ever was and get back to enough female to feel comfortable that $he was home in $er heart and sensuality. But that it would take a disproportionate amount of time to get back to appearing as a man…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_A straight man… because that’s the only acceptable thing I could be…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

To the world.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Would take time. A long time._ _Well… we can see…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali had no real faith in any of this too familiar ‘fresh beginning’ shit, having been here and done that before then and again, but what else was $he to do now?

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

At best at the resort $he’d have to face some employees here but aside… $he had a few days. Between the resort and what the little restaurant a few hotels down could provide, $he did not have to go anywhere else until $he left.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_How small my world has become.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Remembering the words of warning from one of $er psychologists, that $he’d do exactly this, become a less expansive being. Not a gender exploration affirming psychologist, that’s for sure…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_But were any of them?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Where most people on vacation would go and have fun and explore, do things, this was $er circle of safety. The goal right now was to stay close to the deserted resort and avoid people.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Especially today._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

For Mali it wasn’t fun meeting people anymore if it ever really was. It was just plain uncomfortable.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Or heartbreaking if they were attractive women. In that case it hurt so much $he just ignored them and didn’t look, averting $er eyes.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It wasn’t that people were generally bad.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But it hurt feeling always misread.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And that was just the tip of the iceberg.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Trying to be a man again. Hmmm…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:separator -->

* * *
<!-- /wp:separator -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

After cleaning up the remains of the jeans and the sad situation in the bathroom, ‘he’ went out on to the balcony and found a very comfortable wooden reclining rocker - much more comfortable than it had first looked. $he took a breath and looked out on the greenery and jungle-like aspect of the resort, with the pool and then the ocean off in the distance.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was lost on $er that for so many people simply being in a place like this, under the freedom $he enjoyed would mean they had made it in life.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Ironically that was the furthest thing from the truth about how $he felt about $erself and $er life. But $he tried…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_As a man this would mean having made it.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Cat would be here… maybe.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_There would be a ‘we’ of some sort, regardless. Maybe a family too… Heck… I was twelve years old by the time my parents were my age.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_But no. It’s just me here and my small, ever-contracting world.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Sadness crept up. $he was remembering Cat in those early moments before barely even friendship had sprung up between them. That moment - it was just a second - but it was a look, a feeling, the held gaze of knowing the connection. $he knew Cat was in that moment too. In fact she’d been the one to hold the gaze.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

One of those infrequent moments where life actually rewarded $er heart.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I’m so selfish._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

That’s too what one of the psychologists had told $er - $he was supposed to focus on the woman and her emotions and wants, not ‘himself’… _‘You’ll only be fulfilled as a man by being that for a woman.’_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Cat turned out to be amazing beyond what Mali had even imagined based on $er initial attraction. A woman with seemingly endless depth, the ability to talk, a true companion.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Albeit for measured time._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali’s face squinted as if to squeeze the tears out, like juice from a dry orange. $he felt for a second almost like $he was hyperventilating or suffocating.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was the feeling of loss, but pre-loss where you feel like you have a choice still to not lose it.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Fight._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I can still…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he wanted Cat back. $he wanted what they had had. It was not so much something between a man and a woman, but what they had, whatever it was.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Could I make this man thing work? To have her? If that is what it takes?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was tempting. $he was getting used to the idea of shedding the clothes, the makeup. But then came the realization of how far $he’d come as a feminine creature…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The waxing? No.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he hated being hairy.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The hormones and anti-androgens?&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$he couldn’t bear to keep pattern balding and the rough skin that would come back.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

My unacceptably male face? Being called a handsome man? Called ‘mister’, ‘sir’… ‘dad’?

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Fuck that._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

But regardless, in $er was this irrepressible pull to bond. It’d always been there. It wouldn’t go away just as much as…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_I wish I just didn’t have to do anything. Just be. And be myself. With no conflict…_ _Like a yoga woman who is simply female. She doesn’t even have to put on makeup, just splash some water on her face. She is still seen as female. And a beautiful one._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_So maybe I could - should - just accept myself as am and get on with life._

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

The problem was Mali could not, as hard as $he tried sitting here, come up with a comparable image of $erself as a man that could be both analogous and pleasing to $erself as being that prototype yoga woman. Much less something $he knew would please Cat and be sustainable.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Each morning, day and month in and out, now for three years, $he’d made the choice who $he was and wanted to be. Consciously. Because $he had to.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_You put on makeup… or you don’t.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_You choose these clothes… or those other ones…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Being female was somehow irresistible. In the high ninety percentile of days… it was the girl who called to $er. The other days it was no man that called, only the mandate of ‘not man’ to be enforced.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Eventually she threw out the last of the guy clothes of the latest round - the three-button polo shirts and Dockers… clothes $he could no longer tolerate to even look at.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_So following that logic… shouldn’t this mean…_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_No man. No man for Cat?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_If it means not choosing my inner woman?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Hasn’t my own life action decided that empirically?_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Aside from missing the fact that as a man $he could be out of bed and out the door in five minutes, could be more low maintenance and agile in lifestyle, there was not much else. The only other thing to ‘look forward’ to was the residual gridlock, frustration and anger… the only things $he actually knew about being a man and felt while $he was _that_.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

This morning, visiting ‘he-ness’ felt good. For a moment.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

As a false hope. A false relief from all this psychological pressure. $he realized at best that moment ended with that fucking unhappy ending in the bathroom. &nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

It was a place to visit but not stay.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

And only for perspective.&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

$er heart sunk. The ‘new beginning’ was only another false start, a road already travelled a hundred times. The fact was, there was no ‘back’ to being a man. There was no one home there. No one was at the wheel. Only the female inside was something tangible $he could run to… even embrace… and be embraced back by.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Shit, the only thing in me that seems to have conviction and balls is…&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Everything that’s not a man.&nbsp;_

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

For so much time $he had conflated being male to eating more and not ‘dressing’. Either of which did not make $er a man. It was nothing like the longing for $er female wardrobe, form fitting clothes and sensuality, the freedom of play and expression… the only things in life that seemed real to $er…

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

As $he sat there on the deck overlooking life and nature around, $er mind felt dirty, like it was full of constipated shit.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

_Mental turds can certainly ruin one’s view._&nbsp;

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

Mali smirked then actually laughed at the image. Pretty funny.

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->

[NEXT](https://ffs.alexikaruna.com/cats-heartbreak/)

<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

